README.md, before:

﻿# comp230-ethics

## Ethical modding and intellectual property protection.

Game modifications (mods) can undoubtedly offer great rewards to all parties. For the modification developer, the opportunity to 'stand on the shoulders of giants' can easily and quickly enable a quality of product similar to the original game.  
For the owner of the original intellectual property (IP), an inflated fan base can increase sales, market presence, and pave the way for new IPs; Team fortress, Counter-Strike, and Portal all began as mods for Half-Life.  
So why do many developers decide not to support mods? Fuelled with anonymity, inappropriate content can hurt the IP owner's reputation, and distract from the developer's original design. In some cases, mods become IPs in their own right, and the question of who owns user-created content can be prevalent.  
What alternatives are there to releasing a game's source code to the modding community, and what measures, technically and legally, are there to protect the IP against unprofessional conduct and unethical content?

Commit message:

13 sources fror citation. Explaining what a mod is, motivations, legal, and some discussion on what makes a mod unethical.

README.md, after:

﻿# comp230-ethics

## Ethical modding and intellectual property protection.

Game modifications (mods) can undoubtedly offer great rewards to all parties. For the modification developer, the opportunity to 'stand on the shoulders of giants' can easily and quickly enable a quality of product similar to the original game.  
For the owner of the original intellectual property (IP), an inflated fan base can increase sales, market presence, and pave the way for new IPs; Team fortress, Counter-Strike, and Portal all began as mods for Half-Life.  
So why do many developers decide not to support mods? Fuelled with anonymity, inappropriate content can hurt the IP owner's reputation and distract from the developer's original design. But how do we decide what content is inappropriate?  
In some cases, mods can become IPs in their own right, and the question of who owns user-created content can be prevalent.  
What alternatives are there to releasing a game's source code to the modding community, and what measures, technically and legally, are there to protect the IP against unprofessional conduct and unethical content?
